-- tables and descriptions:

bigquery-public-data.crypto_ethereum.balances: This table contains Ether balances of all addresses, updated daily.

bigquery-public-data.crypto_ethereum.blocks: The Ethereum blockchain is composed of a series of blocks. This table contains a set of all blocks in the blockchain and their attributes.

bigquery-public-data.crypto_ethereum.contracts: Some transactions create smart contracts from their input bytes, and this smart contract is stored at a particular 20-byte address.
This table contains a subset of Ethereum addresses that contain contract byte-code, as well as some basic analysis of that byte-code.

bigquery-public-data.crypto_ethereum.load_metadata: 

bigquery-public-data.crypto_ethereum.logs: Similar to the token_transfers table, the logs table contains data for smart contract events. However, it contains all log data, not only ERC20 token transfers.
This table is generally useful for reporting on any logged event type on the Ethereum blockchain.

bigquery-public-data.crypto_ethereum.sessions: 

bigquery-public-data.crypto_ethereum.token_transfers: The most popular type of transaction on the Ethereum blockchain invokes a contract of type ERC20 to perform a transfer operation, moving some number of tokens from one 20-byte address to another 20-byte address.
This table contains the subset of those transactions and has further processed and denormalized the data to make it easier to consume for analysis of token transfer events.

bigquery-public-data.crypto_ethereum.tokens: Token data.

bigquery-public-data.crypto_ethereum.traces: Traces exported using Parity trace module

bigquery-public-data.crypto_ethereum.transactions: Each block in the blockchain is composed of zero or more transactions. Each transaction has a source address, a target address, an amount of Ether transferred, and an array of input bytes.
This table contains a set of all transactions from all blocks, and contains a block identifier to get associated block-specific information associated with each transaction.